[DOC-9712] Add CIDR details for GCP (#19069)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/advanced-cluster-management.md

1. On the **Regions** page, click **Add a region**.

>     If you have a GCP cluster with [VPC peering]({% link cockroachcloud/network-authorization.md %}) enabled, the IP range will be automatically populated for added regions. For GCP, each region requires a `/19` CIDR block.

Reviewer: Same comment as below, making it clear that we configure the `/19` CIDR block out of the initially configured CIDR block

Author: Done, PTAL

>     For GCP, Each region consumes a `/19` CIDR range from the CIDR range configured during cluster creation. If you add a region a GCP cluster with [VPC peering]({% link cockroachcloud/network-authorization.md %}) enabled, the region's IP range will be automatically assigned from the cluster's CIDR range.

Reviewer: > If you add a region `to` a GCP

Missing a word I think.

/nit
> the region's IP range will be automatically assigned from the cluster's CIDR range.

This work flow is true if they have VPC peering enabled or not

Author: Thanks, I was trying to copy some of the detail from the cluster-create page, which says it's populated automatically if you add additional regions. Does this work?

>     For GCP, Each region consumes a `/19` CIDR range from the CIDR range configured during cluster creation. If you add a region a GCP cluster with [VPC peering]({% link cockroachcloud/network-authorization.md %}) enabled, the region's IP range will be automatically assigned from the cluster's CIDR range.

Author: ```suggestion
    For GCP, each region consumes a `/19` CIDR range from the CIDR range configured during cluster creation. If you add a region to a GCP cluster with [VPC peering]({% link cockroachcloud/network-authorization.md %}) enabled, the region's IP range will be populated automatically.
```
